Add Security section and CONTRIBUTING.md (#601)
paritytech/polkadot-bulletin-chain: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the Polkadot Bulletin Chain

Thank you for your interest in contributing! All contributions are made via pull requests that require maintainer approval before merging.

## Getting Started

> 1. Install the [Polkadot SDK dependencies](https://docs.polkadot.com/develop/parachains/install-polkadot-sdk)

Reviewer: This is little bit misleading. Why do we need to install Polkadot SDK dependencies? Ok, we just need the requirements/installs part probably.

https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-bulletin-chain#troubleshooting
```suggestion
1. Check (or install) the [Polkadot SDK requirements](https://docs.polkadot.com/develop/parachains/install-polkadot-sdk)
```
